# ProductAnalysis

A complete product analysis to study digital marketing campaigns

A large seller has his own online business using the Amazon platform to advertise his thousands of products. In order to analyze how his campaigns are doing in relation to how much his potential customers actually make a purchase, he starts studying e-commerce statistics and manages (with the help of a data specialist) to build a set of data that contains your business analytics for each of his products. One of these metrics, the conversion rate, allows the seller to know how effective their campaigns are and how much their buyers buy when clicking on their ads. However, he notices large differences in the same taxa for different items, which indicates that the taxa are related to other numbers that may or may not be being mapped by him.
With a new batch of products to be launched by the end of the month, the seller would like to forecast the conversion rate of these new items in order to make assertive lessons on whether their campaigns should undergo major structural changes or just small adjustments to some details. Therefore, it aims to build a machine learning model that is capable of making this prediction with at least a certain level of significance.
The following assignment brings together a mix of theoretical knowledge, technical study, and practical applications for this scenario. Using the data analysis process and based on the Amazon sales platform, I sought to develop my knowledge and understand how the company's day-to-day operations work and the challenges of seeking to increase performance in digital marketing companies.
Throughout the task, I had to deepen studies in the area of ​​digital marketing, not mainly referring to the metrics used, but also covering topics such as granularity, parent-child asin, among others. In terms of technology, I had to delve deeper into concepts of machine learning, artificial intelligence, Python language, database and cloud service platforms. It is important to highlight that throughout the task, such as obtaining randomly generated fictitious data (scarcity of this type of content on the internet), the main objective at the end of the analysis is not a model evaluation metric that can predict perfectly (or even accurately). satisfactory) the desired data. The main point here is to be able to understand the concepts and how to use them correctly so that it is possible to increase efficiency in the company's day-to-day operations.

Every single step is documented in /Documents/.

